so today we look monopod z series
071 so here it comes
wrapped up now let's see what you
the conflict itself this wand goes
the boxes are packed here
This box shows what colors there are
we have a turquoise blue so that's it
then I will tell you the characteristics
look at the body consultation so
The kit is such I do not know how
call him
4 chic holder and wand itself special
delights will see such a stick
Now we will try to collect it and
I'll talk about him first
characteristics are all in principle you can
read here on the back of the box here
written price m by the way 300 hryvnia here
ordering ordered vkontakte
I'll take a link here
characteristics weight is 130 grams
maximum weight that can withstand
500 grams per minute 20 centimeters
completely when you push him
97 here is suitable in principle for for everything
suitable to shoot video vlog
for traveling for anything in one such
with him there is a rope so okay now
try to collect and try it
let 's actually try bluetooth
button
instruction is all in english and so
I understand how to do it here it fits and
for andr
and for android and ayos and by the way
we tell is suitable for any models
ios and android phone even for
mini tablet well i mean u
It stretches he did enough to
small ones are generally suitable for
such some kind of mono tablets so all
okay
we collect it the thing itself is screwed
love the first time you open it, you
I think that I am so very reliable
actually very reliable so here
here we fix here there are two such
so to speak as called conica to
spin so it is a rubber thing
so as not to scratch the phone and so
Now we try to understand it from the phone
us for it and the little thing is moving here all
he fix the principle there is nothing here
invent the wheel is not necessary to have it
just go right ahead
is this is now the most on a spring very
holding the phone tightly will not fall out here
see shaking
this thing doesn't fall out
scrolls now try it
pull out
what is it that is moving?
sources black ninety seven
centimeters you up moves to show and
as it can not but handle it myself
Silicone is held in hand enough
Still tight, you can still insure
this one this one this one in
general parts, contact
bluetooth and turn on the bluetooth button
this she turned on already turned off turn on
here there is such a here turned off to here
caught fire
there are two buttons for ios and for android
android is smaller for yusb and more
go to the settings turn on bluetooth
for the shower we have already turned on
connected and the shooter is called it already
contacted the principle now I'll show you how
works
go out we go to the camera
we will share the box so
we focus on not see nothing here
I click I press only there will be all the picture
went here in principle such a thing is very
so comfortable as if on an iPhone fifth
you can take a series of shots
this button can also make a dash
snapshots I pinch she also makes
more serious that is to do everything the same
as iphone so that's what it says here
us on the box, in principle, what
the box says I told you everything
how much weight here is to what his
growth
size well everything basically told everything
thank you subscribe to my channel bye